[Music]
Hector not a surprise for meeting
surprises mildly Epstein I had heard a
lot about SPECT I assumed he had a live
ambition I was told very aggressive man
I was tremendously impressed with the
job he did on the common Redpoll and
trial
that's about all I knew of them but I
had assumed that he was a man of
intellectual honesty I would like to say
Gaytan that
you have to think in terms of level of
levels of them taking it here and you
have to think of rules I'm sure that the
spectres on that intellectual honesty
and integrity it's a question of first
things first and which loyalties come
first here I think the specter made some
very serious errors in his
interpretation of the shots trajectories
and wounds of the assassination Kennedy
I think that Spectre is enormously
intelligent young man consequently I
would have to believe that he knew some
of the problems
so I have to conclude that since he was
indeed is indeed an intelligent man but
he knew there were problems here
I have to conclude that he recognized
the need for three shots of one assassin
and that he recognized his task and his
job to be representing the Commission
which in turn by its mandate represented
the president well we just right there
is where you lost me your first
statement and yet the second statement
when you say you have to write you
recognize yeah I think more of these and
I'm suggesting gate ended as his first
world to here was to the Commission
which in turn had a job of representing
the president with respect to the
investigation of the assassination now
there are other loyalties a man can have
for example loyalties to fundamental
truth no matter where it goes I think
that came fundamental concrete objective
truth what I actually doctor that must
have come somewhere secondary to the
and that doesn't mean that mr. Specter
doesn't have integrity it means that he
has loyalty to a job which superseded
the hunt for fundamental truth and I
think the loyalties to proceed
I confuse
well it confuses me too because I'm
present time already looked at evidence
I think in terms that I try to think in
terms of what happened I try to think of
something concrete and it was an
objective happening that's attainable
facts I suggest that back to run the
Commission at least part of the
Commission certainly Specter working out
on this evidence had a predetermined
treatise but a predisposition to arrive
at certain inferences a respect and you
consider that lacking in integrity I
think that's one way of looking at I
think that did you put yourself in the
wrong specter of this time and so far as
I can empathize with that kind of
position he took a job he can see that
himself was working for they got a
mental organization which in turn will
represented the president and has
specific tasks and then that framework
he worked and in that role he songs
and that Rollie did a job which he
considered good and which was internally
hit consistent because yeah an
assignment and that assignment was I'm
afraid had to be stationed and that
therefore no matter what the evidence
the ultimate influence would be back
that's how I suspected role here in a
certain context she has integrity he
served his employer he thinks he served
the country I think he serve gone
[Music]
in effect though he put his name to a
document so forth
only from what I can judge from having
read up steam which I and everyone else
had assumed would present all the
evidence and then draw conclusions from
that evidence didn't do this it
certainly did not do that I mean I
didn't point out to you here evidence
which is so dramatic that was not
considered a war that was
projects which I'm afraid he had to see
because it no and yet I would not see
that was not considered I have to think
that decided to say attacking sales
delivery but it was within a context of
our own
he saw himself away he was serving a
government organization which
notwithstanding any other contentions in
my opinion anyway and purpose a specific
purpose which was not and time to get
all aspects of the assassination but the
country
[Music]
an assassination which was a political
in fact and was the act of one man this
is the rod which he did brilliantly but
had nothing to do with the evidence the
evidence which in any way contradicted
this influence of one assassin and there
was very very weighty I think ultimately
compelling and conclusive evidence to
the effect that there was more than one
assassin any such evidence was ignored
let me show you one specific
you'll have to turn out
[Music]
matter--which Harvest Festival April and
I'm sorry acceleration 1964 which shows
that the Pepsi face shaded the
Commission exhibit 397 indicates a back
here which is lower then I met hit which
is the front here and there then we have
the x-rays and photographs which were
the primary evidence and the only
admissible evidence in any courtroom in
lieu thereof which were never shown that
a commission I produced commissioned
exhibits 385 and 386 which contradicted
the face she contradicted the FBI
evidence with respect to where the holes
were in the clothing in the shirt and
the coat of the president contradicted
the Secret Service agents who saw the
what going in when a bennett says it's
four inches below the shoulder went here
Quentin here was a Secret Service agent
at the autopsy indicates with the bullet
the wound was six inches down chairman
and Greer Secret Service agent also a
present at the autopsy now this is
pretty dramatic and the lab team builds
his old boat on this point but there's
even more dramatic material she never
considered
during start-up stings left the chimney
shot on the president they tell you
[Music]
motion picture frame 3:13 now why you
make two notes attest you ready tape
delay Zapruder film commission exhibit
ladies 5:13 they're all shows you the
president being 3:13 crucial that
magnitude carried that very dramatically
[Applause]
separate issue which was filed
subsequent to the Commission report
October 2nd 1964 and that
[Music]
yes
oh nothing that the head wasn't pushing
it and I read the caption relating to
that in the attachment shocks left to
right therefore some presents go further
massively phantom attend to one side
[Music]
what the Commission absolutely weeks
right then you have an entry on the side
the new entry in the back and therefore
you have more than one Authority now
Lane magazine says that that head was
snapped to one side which is curious
because according to Newton's third law
of motion any action present an equal
and opposite reaction and opposite
reaction to a hip registering from the
back with their forward motion is
snapped to the side now noise marital
epic magnet had such a crappy new post
well show it changed the caption the
assassin shot struck the right rear
question the president's goal causing a
massive movement snapping attend to one
side see the three magazine the same
touch about the different caption
[Music]
because you see the same magazine they
overcorrected because here you see what
actually happens you see the remove
e-330 a lecture and they'll insert an
animal now I think it's the most
dramatic reputation of the Commission
case because now you see the direction
in which the president is going man
Macky Washington examine the fans at the
archives for a whole day and soon very
dramatically the president yes before
the hip and then we see you met here and
tipping left to backward bumping up
against the back of the palm men into
his wife's arms pretty clearly from the
hip deliberate right forward okay when
is very funny so pensively that now
stands well the president is first
struck the Commission says in the back
now if you read my articles you find out
that this represents serious problems
because you see he's erect and it's a
foot of friends and worst films much
more films at lips and he's the most
photographed assassination in history
the Commission says the peasant was this
is the first bet
yes ma'am our contention is that this
represents two deaths running back
wonderful Paddington Commission this is
the first build this is where Sarah
Connolly is supposed to have done it and
this is spectres unique contribution and
we said nothing to do with the head head
and we can go into this but if you
ripped after 3:13 you will see what's
happening to the president is pivoting
you seem to fit in there got a picture
here and ultimately ends up which
impacts women left and backwards from
that direction
[Music]
to question of fundamental physics so
let me click here yes come in come in
and oh no it's essentially the right
direction
physicists just the high school physics
as I described in my data to external
animation where isn't the problem for
the Commission and if the Commission
never considered this problem we're
never discussed it
yep there it is and I'm sure mr. Spector
saw and since this was his province you
saw the motion pictures here they are
and I presume that recognized the
problem my remit critters switching the
captions and the picture you'll notice I
have you spoken with anyone that like I
have a letter directed to them on the
basis of two magazines indicating that
there is a difference in the pictures
not discussing the captions and then
getting a reply saying that sorting that
first put this picture in and they
recognized how important this picture is
and they put that picture in but never
discussing the caption changes and not
giving any explanation to encompass
those and why did we provide them with
the additional information that they
have to change their captions and
evidently somebody didn't have that
additional
well this is I think a very dramatic
thing and then of course many other
problems with respect to this head here
that's how you put it out to you that
when you read this article there are ten
doctors indicated here who discussed
that hole in the back that doesn't exist
and each one else has no respect to each
one
definitely the Commission's only
testimony testimony one of us is in
addition you have in the autopsy proper
the statement of the complexity of these
fractures and the fragments must produce
in the head tech satisfaction verbal
description are better appreciated at
photographs and on Jenna grams which are
prepared we know that the Commissioner
authorities for the best never saw the
x-rays and later have demanded humans to
sign as the chief pathologist on this
autopsy signed his autopsies asked by
Spector where the photographs made
available then must not be gnomes might
exhibit three delete the hit hit was
prepared room says no sir
inspector says all right this this
becomes only the serious fell on this
dramatic 88 which propelled the
president left route embankment against
withstand more physics if you're saying
to thought came from the rear it never
discussed as a problem by the Commission
now how can that be if they are able to
find the facts and explain the
assassination okay right now what is
another assumption based on this well I
don't think you have to make assumptions
I think you can conclude based on the
evidence which is all Commission
evidence that there was latest arson
right front position
retinol who kill the president with a
heavy that impacted us one Secret
Service agents who see it happen state
on the right front
well the president said a white provider
area just here yes the grassy knoll is
in that is the material which indicates
perhaps even photographic evidence we
know testimony that 51 witnesses
[Music]
what the majority of witnesses say the
shots came from an Aldi this was ignore
the Commission said there was no
credible evidence of any other assassin
in any other position which is from the
evidence just impossible to can see how
one can say this fairly and infer this
fairly from the evidence people smell
smoke and the mall area smell gun smoke
so done smoke heard shots and I think
maybe the cameras picked up my letter
Gandhi evidently
surely the famous melon shot which is
never to be found in the condition that
it's nowhere they just ignore this which
one all over the world had a fuzzy
Arabic horn all okay there you see
another was it on the next film this is
nothing nothing nothing there it is
again
now that's exactly where and there it is
not exactly where a puff of smoke was
said to have been seen by many witnesses
who testified to it what is this over
here this was a this is the real line no
no this is it here yeah this is more
clearly what you see that I took that
picture yes this is the grassy knoll and
this is the arcade from which many
people my wife is standing there
essentially where that puff of smoke
you're talking it appears what appears
down here I also have my wife kneeling
here this is a very low area 34 inches
high
Memphis this is a reason because I
thought I saw mine in the morning shot
also kneeling and this is tough to see
now the same scale you'll see what could
be a light shirt a forehead and their
face not working like a peasant like
this point being struck in the head
driven over can you see anything moving
that was [ __ ]
well note to him that well remember that
I can show you evidence of a an
affidavit to the effect that a man on a
building I saw somebody running away
wide open sure and with a headpiece in
his hand and there's a black cloth do
you see a black cloud man the night life
is facing front
but this man seems to have almost a
profile place star head black shirt no
no take a while how are you
[Music]
I think that really what you need is
white you see my wife's face you know
she's very definitely there no you see
what could be a place here and a fire
there and ready okay that's a financial
sure that my life is not that tall okay
I'm not she's doing the stuff she's here
but this guy shirt is open and he's
looking in that direction and they're
black blobs here but if you don't see
you don't see it never right oh really
yes but don't you see it you see it meal
over there let's see when I do that you
have a shadow look see that blank wall
yeah see that I know the memory here but
thinking I was in terms on the far head
and I think that this is a white
forehead and this is a face and this is
a shirt no okay well it when it comes it
comes all right there evidence and I
have man we've done the same thing even
see that you probably won't see this but
in here this is enlarged
soon where there's a man very standard
the other guy is fuzzy here this is an
enlargement of this well some people are
already a face their shoulders hands let
me see my face is more clear yeah she
yeah that's a face to face here entirely
right in hands and some kind of
triangular thing here and this right
beside him and we don't see him here
because it comes off for another minute
what I think she'll soon be would have
been pleased when I conceived as the guy
I see and incidentally disappeared all
over Europe was published there
I didn't publish it because I like to
hang to harder stuff than this when I
write what I think in line with this
evidence which is you don't see it
this evidence all the testimony with
respect to automobiles recovering in
this area before the assassination the
affidavits and the Commission records
indicating a gunman going up this novel
with a gun case and they will in a
stocking hat evidence here's to the
river shots just the point at which
president's receiving his first tip Nike
go over the wall there's some kind of
figure there I don't know what it is
look immediately after day it wasn't a
president's car is down here it's
madness there's the president's car and
look here go on little Willis slides
there's no possibility this could be
well did it that train cemetry and now
there's of evidence there's lots of
evidence in the courts and I can pull
out the data for you right now and I
will actually want to see them take me a
minute to the effect that there's lots
going on on this wall and after all
minimum 51 witnesses said the shots came
from there laughter Ali the witness
assessment photographic evidence is
picked up if possible there are people
who testified people on this area in
this arcade at that time and despite all
of this the Commission concluded that no
shot came from on the other direction
for the other man The Spectre
contribution which you refer to earlier
was that the fair evidence I probably
hit when Stan first shot
[Music]
first quest the home and the shirt I've
indicated by the pictures farad and
Epstein Fraser describes the whole now
now I'm in the coach to of course the
yes you'll see technically down there
this preceding barrel in the name of
seventeen point nine degrees into the
back from behind ended up coming out
somewhere in the abdomen no left I know
which is higher than that point very
explain that the president's countless
crumpled which it is not for sure you
can see the relish shot one of the
presidents being strapped no evidence of
that
mm-hmm and how they were explained that
a shirt was crumpled to be everywhere it
would be possible for the bullet to
emerge there there when to hold it down
here hmm
well respected did not ask for the
x-rays in photographs he says it was a
question of taste well if you will go
through the evidence you'll find that
they're just gotten a most horrible know
that the Commission could have seen
those documents and presentment to the
archives would ever be seen only by
scholars the Commission did not save us
Specter doesn't tell us whether or not
he saw them there's no evidence of
whether he saw them in any event they
are not presented at a commission but
then we have that as an additional
problem you have the problem of medicine
went in here and came out here a bullet
would be flying off
man it had to be turned downward in
order to hit Connolly is no evidence of
oil economy is hit when the president is
here you have the problems here up so if
this is the first shot this is not the
first shot at this point but I think
there's no Matic every set to hit before
you see Frank supposed to be hip and
he's emerging from the sign I think that
he's hit before that I think there's
good evidence to that effect too but I
again date and then one afternoon I
can't give you all of this but he
certainly hit at this point the
Commission concludes and he's grasping
for us thrilled right now hopefully at
the air cars when these pictures are
projected to movements the grass the
first row to sway then suddenly up he
upward of the shoulders and you'll see
me that look and you'll see it cheer
extremely high and heating up the first
motion a little Andrea yes John okay
hitting her neck and I'm the hit my back
which I separate in the park of course
if you accepted it hit in the neck while
the president's facing forward and it
could not be delivered from the back and
therefore there's another assassin up
there popping away in the form of the
president may reject and hit in the neck
that's having anything other than
resulting from me they hit in the back
now they have a problem there as I
indicated in my article
let me get my back lever emerge yes I
[Music]
bet you've seen this next thing is what
I also need outlook on the lift job okay
I remember at the ballerina me bill
well okay so yes
well I told you and I've drunk well-read
no matter payment I hope that's a court
to make the table without them Shannon
Schiller Oh having the club and China
[Applause]
okay well I will drive well as soon as I
can yes I have it no it's an order
reg reg oh my bike now in addition
Epstein and of course got the files of
Norman Council which indicated that
normally was the initial December 9th
FBI report contrary this double-hit
concept but if there was a subsequent
report filed which also supported this
proposition and this report was stuck in
January 13th of 64 which is essentially
a month later inspectors explanation at
the FBI men bashed out made a call has
to be mistaken because that conceivably
could explain why yet beyond blunder and
without having an autopsy and without
having it evidence under consideration
made a hasty judgment that there was no
accident on the basis of what somebody
said in a lot
which was pretty impressive because he
was prodding the way Colonel thankless
prodding away that said there's no exit
to this room so soon after I made that
mistake without an autopsy made us
finding could have got done that a month
later more than a month later highly
dubious inspector gave that as an
explanation I think it's a totally
inadequate explanation in addition Grif
t-shirt speaks for itself
the poet speaks for itself the
trajectory speaks for itself the fact
that the balloon would have returned in
midair speaks for itself the fact that
no no eyewitness I suggested that
Connolly was hit by the same first
bullet speaks for itself the fact that
Connolly said he was not hit by the same
first boy listen Connolly said she was
not hit by the same first boy me
the Buddhist theorems sure that Connolly
doesn't seem to be suffering any which
is registered under the cylinder the
entry was now under no circumstances you
have a tremendous impact which drives
through the 5th red Kane is clearly
under the red ball my net heat makes a
turn right against that charge all the
way around
notice all the way around the face is
the president against I hit her again
violating Newton's third law of physics
which service to to turn against such a
force you probably would be rather in
that direction as opposed to turning I
he he was not hit here or was no no he's
supposed to be hit substantially before
that he's supposed to be hit way before
that he's the first to be hit at 225 and
Zapruder film she's seeing after 25 then
you agree the president is struck oh you
just look at Kelly yeah come on swagger
you know I look can you give it to me a
minute what's this for yeah
yes
yeah
one
what about the $24,000 feet well Jen
another draft in the agreement that's
good deal let's let's close the deal
that means you're getting five hundred
and forty thousand instead of five
hundred existing that's okay that sounds
great let's take it out
I said I'm tired of that okay yeah
Charlie Miller is top amazing business
with
okay that's the best either you're gonna
get in the hurry as soon as we get the
papers I'll come along and say it's all
well tell them to let's skip sign up
before we do that okay man
no okay
right out fine no exactly none finally
as hit as a question for dispute I
happen to think he's hit flush up
against be Kennedy can't hit there's no
evidence at earth then support of the
proposition which Spector and Danny that
there was a double head yeah without
that double hit that is the same thing
one is saying there was more than one
assassin because so soon as you get rid
of fruitfulness escape you then get a
picture more than a sense
[Music]
hello Sal Andrea
yes miss dr. messy one face our own you
go to 23rd disposal
well that's right well I should think so
oh I'll get very sadly at the same time
thanks a lot bye-bye dr. Nestle
[Applause]
then it's cleared of desire I'm not
saying that on my own authority I really
have to say acting on x expert Robert a
failure and he's talking about the devil
hit when I myself don't have any
technical evidence which for with me to
say whatever the other in other words
which would support it as far as marring
or new opinion of an expert in court has
no technical evidence of this double
here against such a proposition and yet
the Commission and this Specter takes
full credit for invented that double
head concept and saved it single
assassin fear against barely evidence I
mean really nervous they met what
they'll ever run witness and there were
hundreds that they were hit at the same
time they can't get family to save
himself the same time is wearing the FBI
the same has any technical evidence of
it they got a curious bullet which I go
into detail afternoon that's mine this
is the bullet which is supposed to
render a damage here's the president
through excuse me hello Andrea
yes hi mrs. phantom how are you nothing
that we will call back on Friday and
I'll be able report to you then right
bye-bye
now that billet game I would like to
tell you here's the president
she was families to through shattered
was radial more than the rest
incidentally you can't see that risk at
the time
Kennedy is hit the tunnel he missed is
no word ship same here
[Music]
reconstruction
supposed to be a reconstruction
reenactment by the FBI right and 225 at
which time present as question he was
still not supposed to be hit Connolly's
wrist is nowhere to be seen
so if this birth Pierce's an invisible
wrist and shatters it from the regular
bone of the wrist is a particularly
durable heavy construction loan it then
deposits a fragment in the fewer there
as fragments strewn throughout Connally
in the area in the summer take it out
it's supposed to report that if it's
rifling still showing beautifully 102
3.6 grams which Fraser tells us there
would not be anything missing from this
bullet on the basis of its weight the
maximum weight of any bullet that they
weighed of this caliber there's no more
than 2.9 grains heavier than this but
this is within the range of an average
bullet what happened to those fragments
how could they have shaved off air and
from that bullet in a better which to
deliver had damage and this birth turn
it up to around 50 per six grains plus
the fragments which I have accumulated
the evidence indicating for more than
three grains that violates a fundamental
law of physics tool in the law
vision of math which said that the parts
of any particular man's cannot weigh
more than the whole of it
no problem the Commission went right
ahead I have concluded this was the
bullet that went down into Kennedy's
back up to his neck down into their
change direction went down and a steep
that I will and totally shattered ribs
shattered bones shatter than a few more
shadow itself and came out looking so
beautiful first said to be on Kennedy
structure but then realizing that I had
to be on economy stretcher to accomplish
this thing Specter completed Kingdom
economy stretcher and men of good
evidence of this no this was the
invention of Specter I suggest you read
this indicates anti-gravity with another
question of integrity it certainly has
nothing to do with what happened with
the assassination that's a luxury and
the evidence is overwhelming against the
double hit the evidence is conclusive
against another and once the devil is
destroyed and I think
similar-sized imperious finished
let me answer that we need you wait a
second this would be of course for the
class so scholars can go and look at the
x-rays and photographs of what taken out
the the first birdie autopsy which I've
never been produced
no no more court in the land would have
permitted any evidence on this subject
until those x-rays and photographs were
produced not own drawings imagined
drawings by done by an artist would have
ever been committed in any court of law
because they're a secondary evidence the
primary happens for the x-rays in
photographs taken after third and they
were never produced job do you attention
yeah I was I demand it my first article
that they reproduced in first I noticed
they were missing was fun meeting notes
a testimony and that was in April
liberation article and I have been
demanding and since to no avail Kate
whom has some of those jurisdiction on
the other name it suggested in
the epstein-barr that robert kennedy had
the photograph her hand a foot bath
The Secret Service lass
well that's good let me say this okay
the Secret Service agents clever the
Commission certain things that it is
believed delay had certainly a job of
protecting their chief good reason it
believed would have destroyed the
Commission conclusion of what assess for
example that color instead you are
certainly more than three shots he was
in the right rear seat of the
presidential car couldn't help her set
to tee shot in the back like six inches
down that we are confirmed this
Kellerman also confirmed this Kinney
said the Secret Service agent Geneva
that it came from me
impacted all right many other Secret
Service agents the Secret Service was
blamed the Commission for not having one
of them if the doctors a partner would
leave of questionable
which was non-existent according to them
the Commission could not have found that
the Commissioner paid any attention to
the forces and the resultant forces in
the propulsion of the president's body
they could not have found what they did
the Commission ignored or series
evidence items of evidence because this
evidence was inconsistent
[Music]
just the aside from all of this I'm
interested in your own work when you
first started with this and however that
came about well uh first undertook work
when I went to Dallas late June of 64
before the report musician
where they do because the human certain
secret
which I thought were incompatible with a
democratic process an open society that
the newspaper or accounts of leaked by
sources close to the commissioner close
to White House these were phrases
employment constantly contradicted
weather drastically that person see for
example well engaging the first
newspaper accounts indicated that there
was indeed a and I didn't I didn't know
that I told you you can ask before I can
give you documentation I said heard this
paper accounts opera business if you ask
that the hall at your home it's the
president therefore had been turning
around facing the Book Depository
building
films indicate the contrary this was a
ban then there was of course the idea
that they go back and stop there that
was in the newspapers start there which
is the ultimate FBI find him this of
course was incompatible with the
double-hit idea because if it never got
to the back the back hit and it could
not have gone for the neck and everyone
was talking about killing their notice
people working that the New York Herald
Tribune the story indicating that there
was a man who looked like Oswald on
doorsteps interest me
this was the Commission said William
love lady
Billy love that he worked in the Book
Depository hoping they never showed us
any picture
this paper has a belly love money so I
highly dubious at this I was finally
convinced the Commission had an
impossible job if they were going to
conclude a single assassin concept when
I read I think an Eightball newspaper
account the effect that third man was
wounded
the assassination site James D take
advice take money write that I read
almost simultaneously with it the
suggestion that there was a double hit
[Music]
I've always felt that the necessity for
double hit came about as a consequence
of the take it because you can't have a
hit on the president in the back and
I'll explain it in the front the hits on
cuddling which could be explained on the
basic hit on the President's head and
another worth on somebody else with
Rabinowitz especially since the cake it
was substantially far from where the
president li governor we had 270 feet
from the spot doesn't get it at the 313
frame where you see many had yet
registered on the president
from that take his head off from another
street no alum stream between main and
comers when this happened when I have it
ugly
take it I was convinced the case for
civil assassin was fast disappearing and
that they prized us ought to take it so
late because me deep concern and at that
point felt that if I if they were to
issue any of the evidence I would make a
particular study of the hard evidence I
shot it because they were going to have
particular difficulties in this work
they were going to spell out one assess
at that point I determined that I would
go to Dallas inspect the site myself and
interview someone misses my crew hmm
apparently you haven't explained there
are you know how many other pull it off
the lures who were thinking who read
this stuff about the the assassination
in the newspapers and who probably said
to themselves well that's interesting
when I wait until he would put comes out
and find out what they say I think
there's always a danger and
assassination of political figures in a
country individual don't get immediately
interested because I thought this
assassination I heard back
you're killing them Giacomo about the
oddity 1923 and Italy socialist leader
there the Italian people were outraged
but did not press for the killers was a
man was right pleasantly surprised to
find that there he considered the
possibility of need to resign his power
at that time because of the outrage
resulted from the assassination but be
poor there was no pressure because there
was no pressure on the government from
the private citizens to actually produce
the killers he was more available to
that of this condition so that in 1927
he won the Italian parliament the first
time you see the word dictatorship for
the first time he abolished all on a
legal opposition in the country and the
fascist party became the only legal
fight in Italy I trace the rise of the
fascists as the sole power in Italy to
me killing and wati wati
I have the silencing of the others
19:27 was willing to take responsibility
and he did
starla responsibility for killing you
wanted my dad was too late but before
there wasn't pressure by the Italian
citizen the prevent the fascist party
wasn't King with responsibility prior to
that time their power was able to build
as a consequence the direction of the
Italian government was to fix fast I
thought you could not wait you could not
depend on to go on any go this kind of
situation I thought that I have to be
objective about this that if this had
happened in small ends or Minsk
well Moscow no American would have
believed the story that was evolving
about a single SAS with all the
contradictions built into the facts but
because of other than in Dallas which
happens to be within the confines of the
American border to money dr. Lawrence
told American citizens
now it's not true that the salsa bar
accepted it I know I left out for me a
letter I sent with the nightmare
commission said and he said this prior
to its issue well I bet they said you
would never believe that one man killed
the brother and he said this wpan member
they're doing so he said we can work
things out date it was pretty early
something like January 64 so it can't be
certain to fill that Jamar had swallowed
a story well as a matter of fact when I
spoke to Specter and address questions
to him at the Bar Association meeting
well they were wearing majority
questionnaires was warning me skeptical
and the berliner up the next day count D
got how deep the except this isn't
branch won't be long now I meant no I'm
sure I'm Johnny for dr. Warren went to
Dallas why that particularly sensitive
to problems possibility government's not
being efficient as they should be
situations of the story
why are particularly sensitive I guess
it comes from an Italian peasant
background
governmental actions for this car momisa
skeptical
which i think is quite in keeping with
democratic citizen citizen driver but we
have to be skeptical we have to think in
terms of the individual being important
and individual being able to accomplish
something and being able to think his
way as clearly that governmental experts
perhaps more clearly because we haven't
done ourselves and meshed in the
interests of governmental power I have a
sensitive particularly sensitive your
right to the problem is here but not
without a basis and then this paper
reports unfolded I found down very
contradictory further problems indicate
that the government self the small
problems and resolving this as a single
assassin concert an arrest him now from
the very beginning even before the shot
evidence look to me to be implausible
and fitting into a pattern of single
assassin the person doesn't need an
assassin assassin didn't quite make
sense to me Oswald did not make sense to
me
depicted by the government I immediately
began to see possibilities
that toss was somehow
the government perhaps serving as an
agent of the government at least not
that that should be considered as AI
hypothesis and on that score there was
evidence evolving which got written up
brother Harold Feldman and the nation
Oswald and the FBI which Gerald Ford and
his both portrait of assassin says was
the basis for secret executive meetings
by the canal was there to it were deeply
disturbed by the Epstein indicates this
was more than rumor
well then I felt the personality and the
hypothesis that he was connected with
the United States government was not
fatigues that concerned me first of all
my original thought was perhaps this
one's name CIA N or FBI agent going awry
having committed an assassination ultra
wire that's outside of the scope of his
authority was my initial impression I
did not seriously question
they shot evidence until I read
newspaper accounts and I kept careful
files that I realize the government had
very serious problems on the Howard
cooler shot at the shots the victories
and wounds were causing the militants
this was a crisp vectors area I did not
know this disrespect Azaria Epstein says
it is for my products but in case it was
approximate is I recognized it would
have to be because I knew that there
were more cases sometimes you're not
entirely sure about here kind of in fact
sticking to what actually happened as
closely as he could
what tells you that whether he is or not
my new tiny aspects of the evidence
which if a person is spent rotating
yeah he kind of not think of all the
details and therefore details get them
away that's been my experience my
feeling was that this was a simple
assassination according the government
of you three shots one assassin one
vantage point that the facts group come
together very neatly if that were the
case whoever if there were more than
there was a little assassin then the
details of nominate and the details
Gaugin do not appear they fly away left
bare of any fact it was standing there
alone as a spirit as a speculation and
history will determine that the
president was killed by an ambush and
that they were on commission evidence
indicates this the Secret Service
evidence indicated the FBI evidence
indicates the wound evidence just as
given by partner tourism indicates this
the actual people are American to get
this and the idea of a single assassin
is a theory a theory bereft of factual
cover an invention of which Spectre
takes pride tell together move together
by the willing to get out of room isn't
a double get the weaving together at
once close this structure together but
thanks to not conventional what did you
do in Dallas I visited tomorrow
a witness to the typical G all right the
first ones apparently this way
her name was a full evidence and she
gave a story of the tippet killing which
indicated more than one person was
involved
we call this information into Franken
whether he did in my presence Rankin was
the chief counsel waiting for my pilot
car writing directed a letter in July
after hearing Mark Lane get this
evidence to thank asking whether any
governmental agents together have been
advised of dishonor witness and with a
letter came back saying no governmental
agency ever his advice and therefore
this took the form of a speculation and
therefore speculation they affect
another witness to be too peculiar no
governmental agency was her lowest
ranking in my presence
why Martha leave that I think caused me
big concern as to whether the commission
of any interest in finding a me which in
any way implicated more than one person
I interviewed the just witness the
government apparently know what she said
to me I have before you much better
innocent
well this was later but not I would not
mention her name
considered a confidence she was a common
woman in Dallas but I was waiting up by
Pat George Nash Patricia and George Nash
then your leader articles
therefore I mentioned a name now her
name was given that
over the circumstances beyond that how
did you come across her margarita the
information was never seen her she
looked around where the killing occurred
my heavy lifting for the worse pull a
Clemens yes but she was working a same
long after killing actually across the
street
well she saw it she saw the killer yes
did she show there was someone else yes
president yes two people involved which
is perhaps borne out by factors are two
types of cartridges found at the scene
took her to County Jail
Rio Seco this Tipton was evidence in it
what else did you doing down where we
try to retrace the route
tiny
the time took us her trip it was very
difficult had to be done on double but
conceivable we scrutinize the
assassination site took some pictures
trying to interview the government's
being witness to the killing I
interviewed her Heloise Markham
she said that she'd be happy to talk to
me but I would have to come back there
was babysitting problem and when I came
back
and you have to know never to
station wagon loads of Dallas policemen
pulling away from her house and she'd
that probably she has to talk to me
interesting because when I went back a
year later I I just want to see whether
she still was worried the same house and
she saw me she said doctor did you want
to talk to me I said no no smart let
another told me what you want are not
gonna babysitting
I'm sure I've heard that routine before
I've left without trying to talk to her
she seems to be a pathetic woman no all
one of the assistant counsel the
Commission is called a scruple perhaps
that's harsh language she don't say
she's a woman under tremendous pressure
[Music]
well she advised me that she perhaps
under boy he walked me down the first
time listen to talk to me I did talk to
me what's under after I had well excuse
me talk to her and left don't said us
trying to settle her babysitting
problems she had called first the FBI
and the Secret Service and Dallas police
so she wasn't really interested in
talking to me
after we doing we looked at the various
spots per house what was supposed to
have been after the assassination tried
to talk to the people who had witnessed
him running away what was alleged to be
Oswald running away from tenth and
Patton the scene of the tip of killing
talk to Margolese extensively about
Oswald's background she was convinced
you know the team was a CIA agent check
down some of the business about whether
he had actually read to the Capitol when
he was 13 years age John Dalton
unless Capitol has been reduced from the
multi-volume work into a pamphlet size
thing in every different Capitol was
reported in the press that found out his
application was purely and simply to
become a u.s. Marine that he
okay
been approached by a wire officer is
very early and apparently thrown for
enlistment purposes only aspiration yeah
her had the family had they're extremely
patriotic kept very good military
service records that tried to determine
what the trying to piece together some I
specs on his life state number of days
was winery
yes heard what she had to say what his
theories were
did when I could using a limited time
not very hot dollars to find out
homework this is what happened in the
assassination didn't find hello marina
ten days so he very probably
speak to any witnesses who saw the
actual assassination no I did not the
Book Depository was closed to visitors
not what I thought would be most useful
I expected that we would be shearing
eventually what other witnesses said and
we have complete records on their
interrogations buddy up behind Secret
Service you did nothing that after you
came back until they know what came up
no gate no I was I felt kinda way I
wrote senator asking that
in Congress the questions were long
divided the secret hearings
be raised about to no avail
well
no response no response until after
article I started to publish articles
that responses that was your first
article was just first are you legally
legal intelligence hmm
liberation January how about the ice
with a carbon in there of your letter to
floor he's he says something about him
telling you and a nice way to monumental
that are you so not torment okay that
wasn't the first one well my original
[Music]
took issue with what the job is to
person is another office
[Music]
this was a utopia better manager prior
to the first legal fee artificial
respect to who said to the public we
have to accept the status of the
Commission well you mentioned that you
anymore yeah I mention that many
[Music]
personalities have much community I
would not want to subject here but this
is a matter of personality no to Temple
and I gave you got some happy analogy in
the 30s they were perched trials in
Russia
trotskyist people designated s-class yes
I like to think that the people
designated as the culprits by the
Russian government were doing no matter
what evidence there was it was not
against every weather the particular
laws the result sorry - I think that
with respect to the Warren Commission
it's not I put it who did that work the
result would have been the same after
your articles began being published did
you get any correspondence from anyone
connected with the Commissioner go along
understand did you write any letters to
Rankin or to anyone else on the staff
asking them for explanations of this
well I know that these articles were I
have letters from staff members which I
can show you
the articles were forwarded by other
people if you want I'll show you one
from Cooper
no evidence of any other accessories
they consider at all there's no evidence
I wrote this I had the same boring
respect no he was busy with an election
and he agreed to borrow didn't see me
after the election and I directed a
letter to inspectors right now
you wrote to him after the election
inviting him to dinner
no have you ever seen him since
yesterday yesterday get back to them I
know I know I know that
discussions synagogue I know that don't
you see how you let Harvey show interest
well the only time I have ever seen by
him as this that New York Times article
Epstein book in which he claims he
hasn't read the book is 26 y-yeah none
of the Epstein bill yeah he hasn't read
the book yeah I believe that was your
own quote no he says Epstein address
22nd IMC oh did it yeah something that
okay he said I don't know their own
teenage
no feeling but the evidence indicates
for us
the evidence indicates the other
indicates conclusive
I mentioned this headed I don't know
that there's a lot more to it than I
discussed I tried to be more graphic
involve myself in the mission I there
the wounds are extremely interesting
because there's no small hole but it's
my enormous gaping the walls to the pole
at the back of the head is gone and I
can prove this ammonia at the back of
the head go on there's an exit you'll
see some indication of that in the last
part of my April article liberation
let's get that detail
the important thing is that the
president was shot backwards and what
propelled that away that was never
considered by the Commission now they
were supposed to have considered oh yeah
the staff expected us in those tickets
and that is something that saw painted
so dramatic but if that had never
discussed talking to you aren't you but
you know the critics are telling
direction like oh yeah if we had seen oh
yeah that's me with them it was their
job to present the American public that
are holding you know the government is
withholding one of it of every three
documents from the archives they're not
available
still what another three document I can
show you laying microphone on the index
and you'll see checks checks with help
if this was such a syphilis animation if
in fact it was one dozen chanted
individual is not demented then
certainly imaginative alone without any
co-conspirators under certainly nobody
that does extensive concealment still
not to reform or concealment basic stuff
like Dexter isn't funny press
fundamental basic material without which
no prosecution can ever for many JS for
even pay larceny and any query which is
absent here continues to be absent and
the the handling of the evidence is no
test as I point out the Connolly
clothings dry field just a rough
equivalent of wiping off fingerprints
murderer urine certified to burning of
laptops emails
it describes the mess
starting in 2008 draft notes and this is
inexcusable this is vital historical
evidence my lure seems clear that what
was burning was the original autopsy on
which the FBI had to base its findings I
can't believe that the FBI would be so
stupid to conclude to that but I've
never exited without asking the city
autopsy it looks more and more
[Music]
has anyone else been working with you on
this - am i but you know IRA Einhorn
certain friends approached me and we
were thinking of undertaking an analysis
report combination
which won't look at the rapport and
measure it up against solid scientific
methodology
what would the report of dong from how
should have been written in Russian that
can be considered the evidence
disinherit conform to scientific
methodology
and contracta trust that there's what
actually report like that did take then
the kind to try to reconstruct and the
kind of literary inquest
what the evidence shows actually did
happen at the assassination site be the
plasmid Alice actually did happen as is
indicated by the evidence and for that
purpose for their condo exam material in
the archives we examined all of the
evidence dealing with the shots
trajectories and walls and try and put
together the actual fixture on a
crossfire which actually did happen that
a combination of assassin which was the
case and which is borne out by the
Warren Commission we don't intend to use
anything but it's all there I just chose
to ignore it just over okay
and where it problems could not be
overlooked or would evidence was
excluded and other evidence fabricated
[Music]
and have you had any indications
that have you had any indication though
have you have been actually contacted by
any government agency no no eye contact
an Irishman
no problems no opposition no contact no
interest about my consider that fine I
could not ask for better treatment of
that school I know it's also meant to be
over material the letter two o'clock ten
o'clock how did you were you looking for
soon material that I showed you the
material that you had left here okay I
didn't know what was that just asking
him for a reply I believe who had not
gotten the reply yet from him just
something you sent him
[Applause]
that's very over this November 4th yeah
I'm cool
this was prior to the publishing of the
legal article yeah but I imagine you had
worked up have you had any answer at all
from him yes
what What did he say you know I should
show you letters he you know was very
courteous just me credit for vast
knowledge of the assassination but last
account on the subject of did it which
is pretty relevant still predisposed to
believe or on Commission still
predisposed right okay he hasn't figured
and anyway again I'm sa asked him to
clear the way for me into the archives
to do research and he took steps to make
it possible for me to go
cooperator and disrespect what
complaints about him just got shuffled
in there at that time I didn't have a
whole series of letters Obispo that was
the last one I think when that's what
article start to appear I have not
received any letter about communication
for personal communication from anyway
which was on anyway at first I think
that says something about our society
the fact it you know I have taken to
save America public that the Commission
organized by his government has done a
terrible botch and the American public
is willing to let people say that and
people don't have I know this nice a boy
tears I some substantial know that I can
work no more I seem to fit in anyway
Harris I think that says something about
the Hoover the
people to Brie health I wish the
government trusted the American people
or substantially enough so that it could
level with them on matters such as an
assassination of a head of state because
I have an enormous trust in the American
people I think they're good solid
skeptical citizens I think that if
you're very cross section of the
American public in many respects the
people who were interviewed by the FBI
Secret Service and the Commission
attorneys represent that professional
men working people middle-class people
medical doctors police agents the Secret
Service agents
the governor read the cross action but
those people please me anonymously I
don't think that of any country in the
world that have gotten so many people
telling so much or the truth terrain
governmental agency which pretty clearly
I'm not interested in it really
remarkable that many truths means so
much to individual American citizens
that despite the fact that the official
version
the story was promptly given to the
whole world and they knew they were
flying in the face of this official
version by giving the evidence that they
saw they in fact courageous when even
told the Commission it was mistake not
only private citizens but Secret Service
age you know Secret Service agents who
continue their connection at the
government did this I defy anybody come
up quickly was another country where
it's secret please and act in that
fashion so my faith in the American
people as a consequence of doing this
work enormous ly bolstered I'm pleased
by the individual American citizen fact
I'm not totally displeased with what I
find in the police agents of the state
or I belong to come in and like Carmen
told the Commission gentlemen over
seventy more
first they were quick to expect it was
quick to show him how he was mistaken I
think he was very right but this takes a
rare kind of courage you find it sorry I
was indeed also pleased by the way the
varmint treated the critics let the
critics go along their way no credit has
been heard to my knowledge no
investigator has been seriously Harris
to my knowledge there has been not even
a semblance of a threatmate that speaks
well for the government here I like to
think that the governor at the split I
cannot think otherwise
and your issuance of the 26 volumes and
the establishment on archives even
information in the archives even though
this strip much to this vital and
prompted nonetheless what is there so
little fractures the governmental kings
that I cannot think otherwise and that
the government is split on this
otherwise this material would not be
available to private citizens
well certainly giving me enough to
digest for this stuff that's not it
possible to figure it's gonna take work
are you really interested in
correspondents I'll dig stuff out of
that interest you well let me
you shouldn't identify senator
congressman essentially convinced well
this is what I'm going to have to figure
out I got lots of materials tons of
material suppose I am I sit down with
what I have now and just get the basics
of the thing may I suggest it absolutely
reckless it is to try to understand the
shots trajectories consulting with
anybody did was just take one segment of
America and the admit what he did
promise to get credit but didn't but
that's not the point
he took discussing more and faster the
shots trajectories noted often on the
back the neck not even the coming so I
urge you to redo your ankles
at least come to grips was what I've
been trying to do in terms of digging up
what Specter did he happen to do it
I turned to entirely different
conclusion
okay I'm gonna be sure that I can move
this article this vir
yeah and in fact it just struck my mind
but I hope I'm not gonna towaway zone
[Music]
you